github action as CI (#37)
jump-dev/Pavito.jl: README.md

> [![Build Status](https://github.com/jump-dev/DiffOpt.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jump-dev/DiffOpt.jl/actions)

Reviewer: DiffOpt should be Pavito

Author: fixed in last commit

## Installation

Pavito can be installed through the Julia package manager:

```
julia> ]

> pkg> Pkg.add("Pavito")

Reviewer: What's the point of entering th `Pkg` environment if you don't write `add Pavito` ?

Author: correct yes, fixed in last commit

[convex-url]: https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl
[moi-url]: https://github.com/jump-dev/MathOptInterface.jl

JuMP and Convex.jl are algebraic modeling interfaces, while MathOptInterface is a lower-level interface for providing input in raw callback or matrix form.
Convex.jl is perhaps the most user-friendly way to provide input in conic form, since it transparently handles conversion of algebraic expressions.

> JuMP supports general nonlinear smooth functions, e.g. by using `@NLconstraint`. JuMP also supports conic modeling, but requires cones to be explicitly specified, e.g. by using `norm(x) <= t` for second-order cone constraints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JuMP supports general nonlinear smooth functions, e.g. by using `@NLconstraint`. JuMP also supports conic modeling, but requires cones to be explicitly specified, e.g. by using `@constraint(model, [t; x] in SecondOrderCone())` for second-order cone constraints.
```
